I have checked all the Second Family's outside assets.
No items found for 07.
After he left, Long Xuyen seemed to disappear.
If not, hide outside
Then we can only hide at the neighbor's house.
I will send someone to show off a bit.
No need for you to arrange people.
Spread the word, Gus.
It's okay to object to the Second Master.
You want this aura, this personality.
If he knows his position is bloodied
So he will definitely go out and cause trouble.
At that point, he couldn't hide it anymore.
Must be a great lady.
I already imagined it.
Scene of two women with long flower heads.
So I came to apologize to your father.
Can you forgive me?
My voice is hallucinatory.
How do I feel?
Hearing the sound, I couldn't stop standing there.
Looks like I forgot about it too.
Thien, I came to apologize to dad.
Please forgive me.
Thien Nhi, quickly come see Cortin.
He came to get you the wrong one.
It really is.
Your mother, two days ago was fine.
It's okay, you go away, don't go, you scold him for me.
There is no need to go to this step.
Mom also loves you very much.
But this is not cruel.
How can this make a boy love you?
Forgive me.
Now we have a house.
Being comforted by him for years has weighed me down so miserably.
Our house is done with the trick.
The two of them are still relying on Lam Thien's fake goods.